Further updates to Java plugin process (#4256)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/help/kdb-mount-java.md

The `kdb:` prefix exists to avoid potential name collisions between a Java plugin and C plugin.

## DESCRIPTION

This helper command exists, because (unlike a "normal" C plugin) mounting a Java plugin requires multiple arguments.
This is because you actually need to mount the `process` plugin with the correct configuration for a Java plugin.

The following command mounts the C plugins `dump` and `type` together with the Java plugin `org.libelektra.plugin.WhitelistPlugin` with the file `config.file` at `user:/tests/process`:

```sh
sudo kdb mount-java config.file user:/tests/process kdb:dump java:org.libelektra.plugin.WhitelistPlugin type
```

This internally expands to (something like) this complicated snippet:

```sh
KDB_VERSION="$(kdb --version | sed -nE 's/KDB_VERSION: (.+)/\1/gp')"
sudo kdb mount config.file user:/tests/process dump process "executable=$(command -v java)" 'args=#3' 'args/#0=-cp' "args/#1=/usr/share/java/libelektra-$KDB_VERSION-all.jar:/usr/share/java/process-$KDB_VERSION.jar:/usr/share/java/whitelist-$KDB_VERSION.jar" 'args/#2=org.libelektra.process.ProcessApp' 'args/#3=org.libelektra.plugin.WhitelistPlugin' type
```

> As you can see, the every argument for a Java plugin is replaced by 7 (quite long) arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, every argument for a Java plugin is replaced by several arguments.
```

Even worse, the arguments depend on how Elektra is installed on your system.
The `mount-java` knows where Elektra's JARs are installed (`/usr/share/java` above) and constructs a classpath argument for the JVM.

> It also chooses the `ProcessApp` class as the main class and finally instructs this class to load the `WhitelistPlugin`.

Reviewer: Other name for ProcessApp?

However, `mount-java` isn't magic and it only works this smoothly for plugins that come bundled with Elektra.
If you have external plugins, you must also specify the additional classpath for these plugins like this:

```sh

> CLASSPATH=/path/to/foo.jar:/path/to/bar.jar sudo kdb mount-java config.file user:/tests/foobar java:org.example.Foo java:org.example.Bar java:org.libelektra.plugin.WhitelistPlugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export CLASSPATH=/path/to/foo.jar:/path/to/bar.jar
sudo --preserve-env=CLASSPATH kdb mount-java config.file user:/tests/foobar java:org.example.Foo java:org.example.Bar java:org.libelektra.plugin.WhitelistPlugin
```
